Add docs for KEP-3327 Add CPUManager policy option to align CPUs by Socket instead of by NUMA node (#35569)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies.md

easily ensure that no single worker suffers from NUMA effects more than any
other, improving the overall performance of these types of applications.

If the `align-by-socket` policy option is specified, CPUs will be considered
aligned at the socket boundary when deciding how to allocate CPUs to a
container. By default, the `CPUManager` aligns CPU allocations at the NUMA
boundary, which could result in performance degradation if CPUs need to be
pulled from more than one NUMA node to satisfy the allocation. Although it
tries to ensure that all CPUs are allocated from the _minimum_ number of NUMA
nodes, there is no guarantee that those NUMA nodes will be on the same socket.
By directing the `CPUManager` to explicitly align CPUs at the socket boundary
rather than the NUMA boundary, we are able to avoid such issues. Note, this
policy option is not compatible with `TopologyManager` `single-numa-node`
policy and does not apply to hardware where the number of sockets is greater

> than number of NUMA nodes.

Reviewer: You should add a newline after this

Author: Addressed the comment. 
Also squashed the unnecessary commits

easily ensure that no single worker suffers from NUMA effects more than any
other, improving the overall performance of these types of applications.

> If the `align-by-socket` policy option is specified, CPUs will be considered
> aligned at socket boundary rather than NUMA boundary. With this policy option
> CPUManager will do best effort to ensure socket aligned CPUs are selected for
> allocation.
> By default, the `CPUManager` allocates CPUs which require minimum number of
> NUMA nodes. However it may end up selecting CPUs which are across socket over the
> CPUs which are within same socket. It may result into performance degradation.
> With `align-by-socket`, CPU allocation within same socket are prefered along
> with allocation where number of NUMA nodes required are minimum.
> This policy option is not compatible with `TopologyManager` `single-numa-node`
> policy. This policy option does not apply to hardware where number of sockets
> are more than number of NUMA nodes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `align-by-socket` policy option is specified, CPUs will be considered
aligned at the socket boundary when deciding how to allocate CPUs to a
container. By default, the `CPUManager` aligns CPU allocations at the NUMA
boundary, which could result in performance degradation if CPUs need to be
pulled from more than one NUMA node to satisfy the allocation. Although it
tries to ensure that all CPUs are allocated from the _minimum_ number of NUMA
nodes, there is no guarantee that those NUMA nodes will be on the same socket.
By directing the `CPUManager` to explicitly align CPUs at the socket boundary
rather than the NUMA boundary, we are able to avoid such issues. Note, this
policy option is not compatible with `TopologyManager` `single-numa-node`
policy and does not apply to hardware where the number of sockets is greater
than number of NUMA nodes.
```

The `full-pcpus-only` option can be enabled by adding `full-pcups-only=true` to
the CPUManager policy options.
Likewise, the `distribute-cpus-across-numa` option can be enabled by adding
`distribute-cpus-across-numa=true` to the CPUManager policy options.
When both are set, they are "additive" in the sense that CPUs will be
distributed across NUMA nodes in chunks of full-pcpus rather than individual
cores.

> `align-by-socket` policy option can be enabled by adding `align-by-socket=true`
> to CPUManager policy options. It is also additive to `full-pcpus-only` and
> `distribute-cpus-across-numa` policy options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `align-by-socket` policy option can be enabled by adding `align-by-socket=true`
to the `CPUManager` policy options. It is also additive to the `full-pcpus-only` and
`distribute-cpus-across-numa` policy options.
```
